Adding basic example for builtin-worker (#891)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus.server.exe-command-line/builtin-worker.md

      --help                 Show detailed help for this command
```

## Basic example

> This example will configure the built-in worker to use the local machine account of OctoWorker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example configures the built-in worker to use the local machine account of OctoWorker:
```
